Add note about returning current results (#147)
pymc-devs/nutpie: README.md

sampler.resume()

# Wait for the sampler to finish (up to timeout seconds)
sampler.wait(timeout=0.1)
# Note that not passing any timeout to `wait` will

> # directly save and return the results:

Reviewer: the current results?

Author: Yep. Just updated so that's even clearer

> # directly save and return the current results once the sampler finishes:

Reviewer: Apologies, that was actually a legit question, I think I was confused by "directly".
```suggestion
# block until the sampler finishes and return the InferenceData object:
```
